feat(event_sources): Add __str__ to Data Classes base DictWrapper (#2129)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/utilities/data_classes.md

        for record in event.records:
            do_something_with(record.body)
    ```

## Advanced

### Debugging

Alternatively, you can print out the fields to obtain more information. All classes come with a `__str__` method that generates a dictionary string which can be quite useful for debugging.

However, certain events may contain sensitive fields such as `secret_access_key` and `session_token`, which are labeled as `[SENSITIVE]` to prevent any accidental disclosure of confidential information.

> !!! warning "Some fields contain user-supplied data, which can be plain text or JSON. If deserialization of this field fails, it will appear as [Cannot be deserialized]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "If we fail to deserialize a field value (e.g., JSON), they will appear as `[Cannot be deserialized]`"
```

        for record in event.records:
            do_something_with(record.body)
    ```

## Advanced

### Debugging

Alternatively, you can print out the fields to obtain more information. All classes come with a `__str__` method that generates a dictionary string which can be quite useful for debugging.

> However, certain events may contain sensitive fields such as `secret_access_key` and `session_token`, which are labeled as sensitive to prevent any accidental disclosure of confidential information.

Reviewer: !!! info "`[SENSITIVE]`"

Author: My suggestion:
> !!! info "Some events contain sensitive fields, such as as credentials (access keys, passwords, tokens). These fields appear as `[SENSITIVE]` to prevent accidental dislosure of confidential information."

On this note, do we want an environment variable to override this behaviour when a developer wants complete information for deeper debugging?

Reviewer 2: The developer will always have the chance to print the specific event field, for example: `logger.info(event.session_token)`. I think that adding an environment variable brings complexity and the possibility of errors, better to keep it simple and functional as it is.

> !!! warning "Some fields, like JSON dictionaries, can't be processed and will display as "[Cannot be deserialized]""

Reviewer: Fields like JSON dictionaries can't be processed and will appear as `[Cannot be deserialized]`

Author: My suggestion:
> Some fields contain user supplied data, which could be either plain text, or JSON.
> These fields often have a related conveinence field, which converts plain text JSON in to a Python dictionary.
> If this conversion (deserialization) fails, the conveinence field will appear as `[Cannot be deserialzed]`.

Reviewer 2: Thank you @heitorlessa and @neilramsay for the suggestions.

I made small changes and I think it is clear now.
